docs: Add caddyfile server options, reorganize the page a bit (#107)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/options.md

##### `acme_dns`
Configures the DNS challenge to use for all ACME transactions.

##### `on_demand_tls`
Configures [On-Demand TLS](/docs/automatic-https#on-demand-tls) where it is enabled, but does not enable it (to enable it, use the [on_demand `tls` subdirective](/docs/caddyfile/directives/tls#syntax)). Highly recommended if using in production environments, to prevent abuse.

- **ask** will cause Caddy to make an HTTP request to the given URL with a query string of `?domain=` containing the value of the domain name. If the endpoint returns 200 OK, Caddy will be authorized to obtain a certificate for that name.

- **interval** and **burst** allows `<n>` certificate operations within `<duration>` interval.

##### `key_type`
Specifies the type of key to generate for TLS certificates; only change this if you have a specific need to customize it.

##### `cert_issuer`
Defines the issuer (or source) of TLS certificates.

## Server Options

> Allows configuring options of the [HTTP servers](/docs/json/apps/http/servers/) that can't otherwise be provided in site blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customizes [HTTP servers](/docs/json/apps/http/servers/) with settings that potentially span multiple sites and thus can't be rightly configured in site blocks. These options affect the listener/socket, or other behavior beneath the HTTP layer.
```

For example, assuming you have the [`proxy_protocol`](/docs/json/apps/http/servers/listener_wrappers/proxy_protocol/) plugin installed:

```caddy-d
listener_wrappers {
	proxy_protocol {
		timeout 2s
		allow 192.168.86.1/24 192.168.86.1/24
	}
	tls
}
```

##### `timeouts`

- **read_timeout** is a [duration value](/docs/conventions#durations) that sets how long to allow a read from a client's upload. Setting this to a short, non-zero value can mitigate slowloris attacks, but may also affect legitimately slow clients. Defaults to no timeout.

- **read_header_timeout** is a [duration value](/docs/conventions#durations) that sets how long to allow a read from a client's request headers. Defaults to no timeout.

- **write_timeout** is a [duration value](/docs/conventions#durations) that sets how long to allow a write to a client. Note that setting this to a small value when serving large files may negatively affect legitimately slow clients. Defaults to no timeout.

- **idle_timeout** is a [duration value](/docs/conventions#durations) that sets the maximum time to wait for the next request when keep-alives are enabled. Defaults to 5 minutes to help avoid resource exhaustion.

> ##### `max_header_size`
> The maximum size to parse from a client's HTTP request headers. It accepts all formats supported by [go-humanize](https://github.com/dustin/go-humanize/blob/master/bytes.go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `max_header_size`

The maximum size to parse from a client's HTTP request headers. It accepts all formats supported by [go-humanize](https://github.com/dustin/go-humanize/blob/master/bytes.go).
```

Author: I was matching the spacing on the ones in other sections, but yeah that's fine

Reviewer: Hmm are you sure? I thought that's what I was doing.

##### `protocol`

- **allow_h2c** enables H2C ("Cleartext HTTP/2" or "H2 over TCP") support, which will serve HTTP/2 over plaintext TCP connections if a client support it. Because this is not implemented by the Go standard library, using H2C is incompatible with most of the other options for this server. Do not enable this only to achieve maximum client compatibility. In practice, very few clients implement H2C, and even fewer require it. This setting applies only to unencrypted HTTP listeners. ⚠️ Experimental feature; subject to change or removal.

- **experimental_http3** enables experimental draft HTTP/3 support. Note that HTTP/3 is not a finished spec and client support is extremely limited. This option will go away in the future. _This option is not subject to compatibility promises._

> - **strict_sni_host** require that a request's `Host` header matches the value of the ServerName sent by the client's TLS ClientHello; often a necessary safeguard when using TLS client authentication.

Reviewer: Come to think of it, it's a little weird that this is under protocol, because this doesn't actually configure protocols.

Author: I had this argument with @whitestrake months ago when we were hashing out the original plan, and the conclusion we got to was "this is a TLS thing, which is protocol" but yeah it's fuzzy.

Reviewer: I think this is more of a TLS option, since it does require TLS to make sense.

Author: Sure, but it's still a per-server option though, in JSON. I don't think it's worth making a new `tls` section for this in `servers`, nor do I think it should be an orphan. :man_shrugging:
